feat: add unset option syntax in alter table (#1315)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/reference/sql/alter.md

If `WITH <options>` is not specified, `FULLTEXT` will use the default values.

> #### Disable fulltext index on a column:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Disable fulltext index on a column
```

```sql
ALTER TABLE monitor MODIFY COLUMN load_15 UNSET FULLTEXT;
```

The column must be a string type to alter the fulltext index.

> When the fulltext index is disabled, you can enable it and specify the `analyzer` and `case_sensitive` options. When the fulltext index is already enabled on a column, you can disable it but **cannot modify the options**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the fulltext index has never been enabled, you can enable it and specify the `analyzer` and `case_sensitive` options. When the fulltext index is already enabled on a column, you can disable it but **cannot modify the options**.
```
